hi I'm Mike Lee and I love traveling
around the world and trying different
cuisines from all over the world so
today I'm going to tell you about this
recipe which is a pasta for grown-ups
yes it's the penne alla vodka and this
is a recipe or this is a dish that I had
in a quaint little Italian bistro on New
York's Upper East Side so I'm going to
tell you about this pasta dish which I'm
sure you're going to love
let's see what we're going to need for
this really yummy pasta dish so I'm
going to need about two tablespoons of
olive oil one tablespoon of butter one
teaspoon of red chili flakes 1 teaspoon
of dry Italian seasoning about two
tablespoons of ketchup one tablespoon of
all-purpose flour some salt and pepper
then one cup of marinara sauce the
recipe for this you will get in my
playlist about two tablespoons of
mozzarella about two tablespoons of
Parmesan cheese then 2 cups of penne
pasta about one and a half cups of whole
milk and of course splash of vodka so
let's start by heating our saute pan
here okay make sure that your heat is
really low because once you start
working the milk in the recipe it burns
very quickly so I'm going to add about 2
tablespoons of olive oil here now the
reason why I add the olive oil first and
the butter next because if you add the
butter force it's going to burn so it's
going to give that surely burnt effect
which you don't want so now when it
heats up slightly I'm going to add in
the butter so the butter really gives us
really creamy creamy texture to the
pasta so that is the reason why we add
butter as well so just let it melt
slightly now what I'm doing here is I'm
actually mixing the vegetable sauce
which is the white cheese sauce and I'm
mixing the marinara sauce so it gives a
really creamy and
gangee effect to the pasta all in one
shot so my butter and olive oil have
melted now so I am just going to add the
1 tablespoon of all-purpose flour in
this and at this point just whisk it
nicely so we are cooking the flour
slightly for a minute or two just to
remove the rawness and to give it that
thick texture in the cheese sauce that
we want so this is your classic
vegetable or white sauce as Italy so now
I've made this really nice paste of the
flour and the butter and the olive oil
so now I'm adding about a cup and a half
of whole milk in this so just add it and
while you're adding just stir and whisk
so that no lumps are formed so just add
all that
and keep on whisking so that no lumps
are formed so the whole idea is to
thicken the sauce slightly so that when
we add the pasta it gets coated in the
ridges so I'm just going to let this
work in the meantime I'm just going to
season it with some salt and pepper
so now you see that my sauce has started
thickening a bit we are going to let
this work so that it gives a nice body
to the pasta so at this stage I'm just
going to add my mozzarella cheese right
into the sauce so it gives a really
cheesy flavor to the sauce
we had a quick stir
and you will see that the sources
started coming together started
thickening beautifully so our sauce is
thickened beautifully now I'm just going
to add my marinara sauce here a cup of
it make sure that your heat is low nice
thick tangy and creamy sauce perfect I'm
going to give it a quick stir again
so as of talking to you this whole place
is just smelling of fantastic sauce
so give it a quick stir mix it well just
going to add the remaining sauce the
reason why I didn't add the whole sauce
first just to see how it looks because
we want this really nice pink color to
the sauce give it a quick mix
now I'm going to slightly seasoned it
with maybe a teaspoon of Italian
seasoning just to give it more depth of
flavor a teaspoon of red chili flakes
and some ketchup two tablespoons of it
and give it a quick stir again
so now is the fun and exciting part so
now I'm going to add the much-awaited
wodka so pretty much you can use as much
as you want I love to give it a couple
of splashes about two tablespoons or so
and now what we're going to do is we are
going to let the alcohol evaporate and
let the sauce boil so that we get all
the flavors of water in it but without
any alcohol so it's absolutely perfect
for everybody so I'm just going to bring
it up to a boil and then we'll add our
pasta to it
so now my sauce is started boiling and
the alcohol is all evaporated so I'm
just going to simply plop in the pasta
right inside the sauce so what have you
done here is made it more interesting by
mixing some whole wheat pasta and some
regular pasta just make it more fun and
colorful just get all the sauce in the
ridges of the pasta
and that's it pretty much penne alla
vodka is ready to be served so just give
it a quick mix so what I'm gonna do is
I'm just going to ladle some on this
serving platter here and this is just
perfect for those late-night
date nights for all those bachelors who
want to impress their girlfriends and to
finish it off I'm going to sprinkle some
parmigiano-reggiano cheese which has to
be as pure as you can get so just
sprinkle some on top over here just to
give it that extra sharpness and extra
kick so my penne alla vodka is
absolutely ready to be devolved this is
just perfect for all those bachelors who
want to impress their girlfriends so I
hope you enjoyed watching this and I
hope you will make it soon do subscribe
to India Food Network and leave those
suggestions and comments for me so this
is Mike Lee signing off until next time
bye